Come in.
Sir.
Here are the cases you asked for on legal
foreign fund entry in the past 5 years.
I only picked ones over 100 million yuan.
Some via wholly foreign-owned companies,
some via M&A investments,
and some via shell company backdoor listings.
If your client had
an overseas investment over 100 million,
and wanted to, within a month,
enter the market legally and compliantly,
how would you structure the plan?
A wholly foreign-owned company
has too much paperwork and strict reviews.
Each fund must match a specific business.
Not flexible enough.
Finishing in a month is impossible.
M&A needs a clear target,
needs Ministry of Commerce approval,
and involves due diligence.
That takes at least half a year.
Backdoor listing seems fast,
but involves fake capital injections
and fake transactions.
Once investigated,
it's treated as false disclosure.
These cases ended up in the database
because they all became legal precedents.
So I think these three standard methods
are not viable.
Bro Xiao, I brought someone to see you.
Who?
An old friend of mine.
His family are farmers,
and he has some spare cash now.
He wants to ask you about investments.
A farmer?
He looks pretty well-off.
Bro, farming, you know,
there's more to it than meets the eye.
You used to farm too?
My family did.
Young Master Jin.
So, Bro Xiao.
Boss Jin.
Bro Xiao.
I've heard so much about you.
A pleasure, truly a pleasure.
Bro Xiao, don't be so formal.
One clink of glasses and we're brothers.
We're all brothers.
Datou told me
you wanted to consult me
about some investment directions.
That's right.
They say Bro Xiao is sharp,
and knows his way around projects.
I've got some spare cash lately,
want to invest in something profitable.
You flatter me, really.
You should find a financial advisor.
Me? I'm okay at handling lawsuits,
but this really isn't my strong suit.
I don't trust those slippery businessmen.
When it comes to money, I trust brothers.
Besides, didn't Bro Xiao
use to work with Bro Mao?
All right then.
So, Boss Jin,
what kind of projects interest you?
How much spare cash do you have? We can...
Sure, we can go over it briefly.
Money? I've got plenty to spend.
No need to worry.
Projects...
Look,
the government's been heavily backing
the aerospace industry.
So I could invest in
a private aerospace company.
We'd build rockets,
and do satellite launches.
Imagine how much one launch could earn!
Old Jin,
You're giving me a massive headache,
and even I wouldn't dare dream that big.
Don't be scared.
How about
high-speed rail?
There's a big empty lot in my village.
We could build a high-speed rail line,
ship the village's sugarcane and corn
to the big cities to sell.
White-collars love local stuff, right?
Boss Jin,
the projects you're describing
are all state-owned projects.
Private investment
isn't really realistic.
What about
shared e-scooters?
That's quite a range of options you have.
The bank recommended some to me,
talking about new energy policy support.
They made it sound amazing,
saying I'd get dividends if I invested.
But it sounds too good to be true.
I don't really buy what they're saying.
Bro Xiao,
help your little brother out.
Whichever one's reliable,
that's the one I'll invest in.
How about this then.
Making money takes time,
so let's not rush it.
Give me a few days,
let me do some research.
Once I have a concrete plan,
I'll report back to you.
All right.
I'll wait to hear from you, Bro Xiao.
Boss.
This Xin Youna doesn't trust us.
So what's our next move?
The things she won't talk about,
we'll dig up from someone else.
The nursing home director,
the relevant medical staff,
the money trail.
We need to investigate this thoroughly.
Especially Xin Youna.
We have to ensure her safety first.
Place her under covert protection.
Understood.
But this brother and sister,
their lives are like a novel,
bizarre and full of twists.
Honestly,
the sick are truly innocent.
What if it were you?
If you were Xin Youna's brother,
would you break the law
to save her?
Hello, police.
We need Xin Youna's medical records,
and all payment records.
Can we see Xin Youna right now?
She's on an IV drip right now.
You'll have to wait a bit.
What medication is she on?
Velipa.
Uncle.
Zhang Heng, what are you doing here?
Fancy seeing you here,
what a coincidence.
We came to take care of something.
Transferring Paopao to another hospital?
It's hard to explain right now.
Tell you what,
bring Yaping over for dinner on Sunday.
Say bye to Uncle.
Bye, we're heading off.
Bye-bye, bye-bye.
Luo Xiao.
About how long does this need to last?
Do you have a three-month supply?
About that.
Officers,
these are Xin Youna's medical records.
Director, can we take these with us?
We're a private hospital.
This involves patient privacy.
If you really need them,
you'll need a proper subpoena.
However, within our hospital,
you're welcome to review them.
Director,
have you met Xin Youna's brother?
Yes.
He used to come often,
almost every weekend,
to visit his sister.
Every week?
Yes.
What's your impression of him?
He's not very talkative.
He seems like a reserved person.
Xin Youna's medical record
is written in rather complex terms.
Could you give us a brief
explanation?
Sure, let me give a brief overview.
Xin Youna suffers from
a rare blood disorder
called Fanconi anemia.
People with this disease
typically face frequent infections
from a young age,
and organ deterioration.
The main thing we can do here
is provide professional medical care.
Ideally,
we can use bone marrow stimulants
to restore her marrow's blood production.
Ideally?
Yes.
Meaning when finances allow,
we use imported medication.
So it's expensive, right?
Exactly.
Imported medication is very costly.
So has her brother
been covering all these costs?
As for the costs,
that's not something we look into.
We're a hospital.
We only provide medical services.
This director...
Go on.
When the police showed up at his door,
asking about a patient,
he wasn't the least bit surprised.
He didn't ask why we're investigating her.
He didn't even glance at her chart.
He rattled off the details from memory.
He even clearly remembered her brother,
how often he came to visit her.
Doesn't that prove he knows the siblings
extremely well?
What else?
Then there's the nursing home itself.
Look at how lavish the facilities are.
The director said it himself,
imported medication,
over 10,000 yuan per dose.
But judging from her bills,
it looks like with some effort,
the siblings could afford it, right?
Fengmao is involved in money laundering.
Xin Qili was jailed for financial crimes.
The reason Brother Mao killed Xin Qili
remains officially unresolved to this day.
So,
the real dispute between the two
is that Xin Qili
was also involved in Fengmao's laundering.
That's why we couldn't find a motive.
That's exactly why
Xin Youna, upon hearing of his death,
reacted so indifferently.
And she strongly resists contact with us.
I strongly suspect
that Xin Youna
knew everything her brother was up to,
and may have even taken part.
So what do we do next?
Hurry up and eat.
Yaping, don't give her so much.
She just brushed her teeth.
She can't have too much fructose.
Mom, I didn't sneak any.
You didn't? What's in your mouth? Come.
Come on, time to study vocab.
No way.
Look how spoiled you've made her.
If you love kids, have your own.
You're not that young anymore.
I'm swamped every single day.
Where would I find time for a kid?
Didn't you wrap up that debt collection?
It's far from wrapped up.
I just have something new on my plate.
No time for those messy accounts now.
Yaping,
our firm's been talking about this lately.
I hear the government and the banks
launched a smart manufacturing fund.
Is that true?
Yes, that's right. It's true.
Many projects got approved recently.
Old factories adding automated lines,
leasing firms switching to EVs,
they're all coming to us for loans.
But I heard that fund was just set up.
Isn't the approval process
moving way too fast?
Normally,
it'd take three or four months.
But this time is different.
It's a government special fund,
so it goes through a green channel.
Firms submit materials to us,
the Commission reviews simultaneously,
rulings, verifications, subsidy quotas,
all done in parallel,
so it gets approved quickly.
But fast as it is,
all the work falls on us.
Contracts, cash flows, purchase lists,
I have to go through every one.
Watching the firms by day,
crunching data at night,
I can barely straighten my back.
You really do work hard.
When did your law firm
start dealing with investments?
We don't.
A client wants to invest,
so I'm just asking around for him.
Luo Xiao,
if your client's legit, send him to me.
I'm reliable.
Tech loans.
This is the overseas money.
And this
is our dedicated lending company.
And this one?
These are the clean books we show outside.
Overseas money
poured into a tech firm with clean books.
That's perfectly logical.
Next,
we turn this dirty bathwater
into freshly squeezed juice.
Then,
apply for a special loan from the bank.
Finally,
muddy the waters,
make the fake pass for real.
That way we can pump even more money
into the company,
and achieve our goal.
Oh, right.
After all that,
we also need someone overseas
to be our fall guy.
Who do we get for that, bro?
How about Young Master Jin?
Old Luo, about this,
why didn't you tell me sooner?
I could've helped you figure it out.
I mean, our law firm
investing in the tech industry,
I never would've dared to imagine it.
You really kept this hidden.
Actually, I'd long heard about
the government's industry support.
But I didn't expect you to be so sharp.
You said we'd use our firm's
credibility as a transitional endorsement.
That way, for one,
we can invest openly and legitimately.
And secondly,
it'll help attract local investments.
Old Feng,
you're pulling my leg now.
I'm just trying to get through the review,
adding a little support.
You know, I've been thinking,
back in our school days,
you used to say one thing to me.
You said choices matter more than effort.
You said,
us grinding through case after case,
when's it ever going to end?
If we pull this one off,
wouldn't we be set for life?
I'll put in some personally too.
Add my name to it.
Old Feng,
it's not that I won't let you invest.
I'm just the middleman here.
Whether you can be listed on the project,
it's not up to me.
Old classmate,
what are you saying? Not up to you?
I'm telling you, this is settled.
I'm putting in the money.
It's decided.
Mr. Liu,
I know, you...
Okay, okay, okay.